recording cool welcome to the Jessup EFS
weekly core dev team weekly of april
seconds as usual we'll start with the
realm of updates and then use the
remaining time just to decide if there
are some issues that should be tackled
or just as usual as well I want to share
the updates on the quick path and the
format is like what uh what did you get
done last week
what'd you get blocks like review you
need just some information and what are
your plans for next week so by the way
Before we jump into that we have a
note-taker
live app on here the do not occur in
each continent doesn't do a lot of work
because every one site drops their
update but it always Whitaker is
catching some side quests that need to
be tracked
Zana you actually in your head because a
queue and doing a note-taker or just
like rocky some music would you like to
leave it'll take a very and tonight can
I put you on the spot sure sure
okay thank you I like to be light so
starting from me this week about how
this week was basically like all the end
of the quarter shenanigans for me I did
manage to get to the twelve the items I
wanted last week which was reading the
the module Whitman trainers proposal
like the idea of having a structure way
to rotate captainship of multiple
modules that we own which you can check
that proposal on at issue to each other
and already I would appreciate your
feedback
and the other thing is really by pushing
the OPR planning for next quarter
forward right now we have request.open
some people have given reviews and I
kind of like I guess like I've done that
but I'd cement block on that because I
do need feedback from everyone in order
to freeze that we should have that fixed
version by the end of the week so that
the quarter starts next week like your
time is focused on those objectives and
key results and yeah so that's pretty
much it from me
if there is no questions for my parents
all right sorry yeah all right
and so my update is I I still worked on
the leg IP a API for Jes ipfs API in J's
idea it's a command-line tools this is
also what I will work on next week and
I'm not locked and yeah I will also want
to finish the IPL gif format spec
there's some upcoming updates and I want
to get this done kind of in this quarter
so it makes what I can work on the
implementation alright so a question
like if you use the block API as the
shame to get the back resolver sukhothai
kelly resolver welcome injury if use the
bucket guys it is proposed on the PR
does it take to much time shooting this
just being like grabbing there Jess I'd
kill the module and I dropping in on top
of the block API that is already exposed
by and against it's it's kind of
complicated because it's then we can
kind of becomes a circular dependency so
it's I I thought about so if I'm should
say is ipfs API used J's IPS or not I
don't mean like it should you Jenna BFS
it should juice just like the Jess I
kill the module yes is the Wigner yeah
so basically so yeah I'd say it was
different so so currently Vijay is ipfs
API just supports the Siebel format and
proto buffers and of course in the
future it should we use the IPL d IPL
the package itself
[Music]
oh I I just can't get it together what
the problem was but I will promeo with
me should be basically thought it
through but just have to remember it and
I would probably I just post an issue
funky but sounds good yeah we should all
sign up here and I just wanted to see if
there was like any specific Walker but
but yeah it sounds Therese and so let me
know what it is yeah alright so you so
much any other questions for walkers
alright
sorryi me to myself magic go ahead check
so I have been creating seal it will
appear crypto and I have been doing some
more work on the periodic table with
highlighting the bits in the situation I
suggest currently I'm blocked by a few
issues from the European because one
issued the crashes often and there is
lava
I forgot link that then I need some
features and it will appear appear to
have the ability to change transplant
business at one time and next I will
probably try to get no trust deployed in
Houston production and I will also try
to finish at least one Maxo for the
lipid kadai sector I see I see the issue
that you were posted yeah they're pretty
big ones I need to like maybe we can I
finish the multiplexer one but the other
one works opens a little bit more time
just super cool that you are building
Celie peer-to-peer crypto you might want
to chat with the cipa past people
because they might have already built
pieces that you are we building again
they just didn't really like with Molly
virtualization that we have for at the
fsmo pretty good so yeah I really that
limitation that you see
[Music]
was a question I didn't get my my point
is like are you familiar with the
implementation of IP fsnc I have to just
seal it today and yeah I just saw today
because I was going through so viciously
yeah you should reach out to them they
probably have pieces that you need on
where can I contact them just an IRC I
give s or is there a specific dedicated
repos pretty much okay all right so
Jacob sure yeah so I looked there was an
issue with peer IDs dropping that was in
the sack I oh repo found was able to
find that got that emerged in so that
should stop with one of the daemon
crashes there's still one more with
packets already being sent but that
should improve the stability and then
this week last week I started the s3
datastore work I should finish that
early this week and then from there I
will take on the working with the Lib
p2p private networks I don't have any
blockers currently so we do you have the
other issue if you just reported like
somewhere that is that's an existing
issue I don't have that assigned to me
or anything right right now we get to
hear yes or wink you from
cool thank you so much for we're talkin
all of these any questions for Jacob and
Oh Garth
I got finally got my feet wet made a
pull request for adding pushing the wrap
with directory down from the CLI into
the core there was a question in the
repo and the pull request I made about a
thrown exception disappearing other than
that I think it's fine I'm not blocked
other than we're we're gonna meet Friday
David you and I to discuss where to go
next and that that meeting still need to
happen you tell that I'm just gonna
troll through the issues and see what
else I can contribute to can so I don't
have anything on my schedule right now I
think you scheduled for last Friday
reschedule it can you I just make sure
like there's an event on the calendar so
I will I went this morning in your book
today and I was going till after this
meeting to schedule the meeting so you
should not have to wait for Friday back
on other issues like what the process is
still the same so people throughout the
quarter and I guess is the clarification
for everyone throughout the quarter is
like everyone gets their own objectives
and key results which like a big bodies
of work that it should be like cycling
but there are still issues that pop that
we don't expect there are still things
that we don't know and so we typically I
try to try out those issues give them a
priority given that money could be and
there's any good issues for new
computers and those issues are like
easily found easy it's easy to find them
through the waffle board and so if you
don't have anything like on your stack
right now just go to the whole board and
pick your next one like and just keep
rotating doing that once you get a large
piece of things to work if you get them
blocked on the trash piece of things you
can still apply the strategy to then
like user time
in the best way possible to get work on
the main thing you should still try to
use your time once it's make sense give
to this thank you awesome thank you
John that's wrong right
hey so I really didn't do that much
last week I moved up to Minneapolis with
my girlfriend and hopped around from in
four places I tried I spent some time
this weekend and a little bit during the
week addressing some review some great
reviews on the pin PR from a few
different people I think I've addressed
almost all the issues there there's a
couple things that Thanks
there's a couple things that are still
up in the air I think that there that I
don't know who it is but a keen brain
made a question had a question about
some internal pins I'm not sure where
they came from what they're really doing
for us I think that they have to do with
garbage collection but I'm not familiar
with that so I wonder who might know
more about that and and then I wanted to
talk to BMX about some ID selector stuff
or using trees and so I think I have
pretty much a full week this week to
work and we'll be working on the pin
stuff getting more reviews and and also
there's the interrupt tests that need to
be reviewed all right yeah yeah like
couple of other people so BMX and BMX
and hashing bring to Alex I didn't
understand like what is the issue that's
packing grain pointed out you could put
here that issue so that I can read it
later that would be helpful because then
I can point you to the right person
about what it is to do it like an ad
David David Diaz or it is like sometimes
one sleeps
so do you think I could have been API
will be ready to merge history presuming
you know that so I think I think it
could use another review you know I know
that there was there were a lot of
comment there were a few you know like
10 or 15 comments but there's still so
much left I'm not sure if it's bitter
it's like I said waiting for people to
you know what helped me there is for
people to say that they've completely
like they feel satisfied with it
so I'll ping those that I'm kind of
curious why they thought you know if
they're if they're happy with it and
presuming all of that Demetrio
anyway I'm just putting clicking my
charger I'll still a good question about
the second limitation and are they
working the drove this are they passing
I haven't tested them since this most
recent batch of reviews which did reveal
some problems or some things that
actually code pass that weren't even
being touched in the pin set
implementation so I definitely do need
to go go and rerun those I imagine that
I will see some yeah just making sure
that yeah definitely think that the
interrupt tests need to be reviewed and
like you know have formative this all
works in all the most updated versions
before we planned that the media will
you be available to help specially on
the process just make sure
all right Yoga is like hi danced so last
week I made a bunch of requests to try
to fix the new JSI PFS mini 55 and ugly
fight version so I've been working on
that this week I have to make some more
PRS in summer it was like we're amazing
but those objects and I hope to finish
this issue so to make the the EIP FS
field meaning if I impressed and ugly 5
and mangle and then we'll have to
release new versions of all most people
I don't know who's gonna do that who can
make the religious 20 and right now it's
me that is why I super useful
we have a quick map of all the requests
and all the changes so that I can myself
and really does easily I know that
you're being an ass it's like it's the
case once I have that and I can
reproduce then I'll just like doing one
swipe I just like merging it will
require me to change like to do all our
visas because like one of the
dependencies multi other which like
required by all the other modules and
because it's kind of like a not a
breaking change but a breaking edition
that when is required
I'll be to like pretty much I lose every
single module because what in the
morning yeah that's pretty much it
sweet okay cool thank you so much
everything like this is will be out on
this week right yeah I hope I hope so
yeah
lots of additions but you know doing all
right everyone
since five boom so division so I've been
working on the recommendation of a
little bit of be multiplexer with both
posters I have a an implementation that
words and passes the interfaces it's
100% I created a separate module Kopu
Plex that I can be reused outside of
hope defeat and maybe to be multiplexer
will just confirm that it's under my
name right now but it can be a chicken
will senator look at the namespace and
right now it's a little bit slow and I'm
looking into starting to do basically
just perfect presentation from some
cleanup and adding some coverage some
tip yeah I think I'm gonna be finished
by sometime made of this way hopefully
everything that's awesome awesome voice
I expected it to take more time because
I like people tried it bigger and I just
to be super pushes and super it's like
there's interface tree much the tests
there's like that make a stress-free
about it as well can link all the way
that's like make sure they're like
everything that's reacted like that is
easy that change real like really change
things for a lot of people so but it's
cool that like you already have it's
working I see your test yeah I mean it
does work in my books obviously I
haven't been able to test it out so I
don't see ya
but slower or faster than real estate
right right now it's lower but I know
where the bottlenecks are I think and I
will I will start I just I made a
slightly naive implementation right now
using full possible and I think that's
what's slowing it down on one end we can
just avoid using down and just have you
know have no buffering little things
like that so yeah yeah but yeah I mean
the way I did it with the Pulsar
interface and everything closed
interface test and older pertinent to
the actual multiplexing functionality
test inside the current multiplexer J
also passed so I think it works it needs
to be tested I was to integration I used
to be tested against the go multiplexer
but yeah
I haven't I haven't tested it against
the go multiplex there but the rest of
the tests are passing and I'm very good
at it got it got it yeah it's definitely
one of those areas that's right that
she's so like we have a lot effects
all right thank you so much any
questions I'll give it to you good
last but not the least same all right
cool I'm gonna go go go
so this week I took a look at poll
streams refactoring for I be able the
resolver I did implement the get pull
streams but I was uncertain if the
interface was targeted being like
refactored as well so if you have
feedback on that just in line
I can go forth and I have a refactor or
just add a new method we're than that a
little bit blocked on a pending IP LD
format changes for the CID stuff and
then once that kind of thing lance and
i'll go and touch all the projects and
make that happen and then the GS multi
adder
ipv4 ipv6 like bug is still kind of like
floating out there it could be
potentially an impactful change or maybe
not
and then the everything is that's that's
it and then next week if the pool
streams like it needs to be redacted
that I'll do that refactoring touch all
the projects and link them up alright
that's bull Kirk you want to take same
questions when I kill me yes and I also
wouldn't so the format spec is still
like so s same is no block when the
format stuff I think yeah so I'm I see
the log from someone so you can sign off
changes so any the images from who is
basically because
the commuter changes anyway and that we
could email about it and and yeah so I
could also answer them the IPL de stuff
although I'm not that that's drawn the
pool stream stuff but yeah so you can
probably easiest if you came in ISC and
then you will see her it out okay that
sounds great
all right thank you
Oh so yes I mean if you could like post
the links to the so you cut out for four
seconds there I just like mentioned that
if you add the links to the issues in
the full request then cool okay so we
have like two minutes left for seven
installed you like to introduce yourself
and sure hey hey guys I'm gonna solve
I've been just just taking a sneak peek
of what's happening and I've been
actually keeping up to date with this
okay our whole requested that meet the
new guys working on also on the latest
pull requests and the new stuff coming
up so I'm actually starting to get
sometimes some some more time on my
hands so trying to sort of find
something interesting to to help just
taking a sneak peek and I know the feed
from University from Lisbon and and
you've been going to some forums as well
catching up with the ipfs student and
yeah so that's pretty much it
let me know the way let me know if you
have any interesting tasks to jump in
I'll be glad to take a look at and and
see what I can do cool thank you so much
we share with you that in more detail
but we have a buck on Jessica best mg
MMD and basically explain explains away
yeah I get I'll get a poem such a
diverse watch just a penis and then mg
and COO okay so we are at the clock and
I always as everyone feel that they know
that what they are working on and if
they don't have tests already do they
know all together sighs everyone have a
hand from Booker okay yeah just I wonder
is anyone in the team feeling
responsible for the CI being green
because I'm still hesitated to merge
things if they are not green but like
still that has to constantly flaky like
so curly on Windows for example and I
just want to like to have anyone I guess
so far and so the first one it's been me
basically but I should have spent more
time an IPL D so a wonder what the plan
is there too yeah I couldn't reply to
that and then we always like one CI to
be green then has been already fault but
we added window support last quarter and
that was not completely wiki and Jenkins
also has been not showing those new
errors and so we have circled with
Travis we have Jenkins and right now we
are kind of a tradition period where
sometimes we first cycle engine and
drive is more sometimes we trust Jenkins
more
in the end like if like we should always
strive for at least equal quality or
more better but we should not go from
like 1688 green to now zero C is brain
tumor it's like it should like chill but
that quality is still intact and and
like there is are some tests that are
already like known by the developers
like those are the ones that flaky and
so sometimes we might just accept a PR
because like so much cachinga just own
but we do want to get it's not like i do
not think there is like someone actually
owning that right now it is something
that we need to bring up I think if you
have more nuts
um you were breaking up a lot but I'm
not sure if you already said what I said
what I was - what I'm a
I was just stated I will be probably one
of the people being most attention to
see Eileen green all the pros all the
ideas are because products but I
I guess I'm volunteering for something
but I think you know as first episode is
that everybody recently but you were
breaking up too much if that's what
you're serving no worries if I'm still
breaking well I can just go quiet but
I'll try to write it or I'll write issue
with like inspection and more know
something so that I can sync over text
again so are there any more questions
am I still breaking some people probably
[Applause]
does anyone as an extra question raise
your hand or okay cool everyone thank
you so much for the beginning of this
fall and it seems like we are getting a
lot of stuff this week guys only five
problem faced getting like possibly the
API so it's great it's great thank you
so much
enjoy your week and see you on the
interwebs